docs/plan.md, before:

---
title: Autonomous Vehicle Challenge
subtitle: Project Plan
author: Team Name
date: 15 May 2019
---

# Members

## Contact information

### Raresh Nistor
* Phone: 022 052 4574
* Email: nistorrare@ecs.vuw.ac.nz

### Person 2
* Phone: XXX XXX XXXX
* Email: person2@ecs.vuw.ac.nz

### Person 3
* Phone: XXX XXX XXXX
* Email: person3@ecs.vuw.ac.nz

### Person 4
* Phone: XXX XXX XXXX
* Email: person4@ecs.vuw.ac.nz

Communications will be taking place on ECS GitLab and a Facebook Messenger group chat.

## Roles

#### Raresh
TBD

#### Person 2
TBD 

#### Person 3
TBD 

#### Person 4
TBD

# Project Plan

## Week 1

### Lab A -- 15 May

#### All
Complete, confirm and sign the AVC plan. And arrange meetings.

#### Raresh
Testing 

#### Person 2
Testing 

#### Person 3
Testing 

#### Person 4
Testing

### Lab B

#### All
Complete, confirm and sign the AVC plan. And arrange meetings.

#### Raresh
Testing 

#### Person 2
Testing 

#### Person 3
Testing 

#### Person 4
Testing

Project plan must be submitted by 17 May.

## Week 2

### Lab A -- 22 May

#### All
Complete, confirm and sign the AVC plan. And arrange meetings.

#### Raresh
Testing 

#### Person 2
Testing 

#### Person 3
Testing 

#### Person 4
Testing

### Lab B

#### All
Complete, confirm and sign the AVC plan. And arrange meetings.

#### Raresh
Testing 

#### Person 2
Testing 

#### Person 3
Testing 

#### Person 4
Testing

## Week 3

### Lab A -- 29 May

#### All
Complete, confirm and sign the AVC plan. And arrange meetings.

#### Raresh
Testing 

#### Person 2
Testing 

#### Person 3
Testing 

#### Person 4
Testing

### Lab B

Finalise project, gettings ready for marking the week after.

#### All
Complete, confirm and sign the AVC plan. And arrange meetings.

#### Raresh
Testing 

#### Person 2
Testing 

#### Person 3
Testing 

#### Person 4
Testing

# Team Agreement

By signing below, all team members are acknowledging that they have read and committed to their part in the AVC. They acknowledge that they will attempt to complete the tasks agreed on by the group each week and document this on the team github account. They acknowledge that failure to meet these goals can result in the team recommending any member receives a lesser grade for their AVC report.

In the event that a team member is unable to complete their task due to circumstances beyond their control (i.e. sickness, bereavement etc) that they will inform the team at the earliest possible time. Finally, the team acknowledges that a member going a week without contact with other team members (except when discussed with the team in advance) will constitute the member in question being considered *absent without leave*. In this instance the team agrees to inform the ENGR101 course co-ordinator immediately. The penalty this for this can range from a reduction in the final grade to immediate failure of the AVC (and thus the ENGR101 course). Should the team unanimously agree that a member (or members) have failed to contribute to the AVC sufficiently for other reasons, on the day of robot testing the team will be given the opportunity to anonymously vote for a team member to receive 0% for the robot part of the AVC. Should the team choose this option they MUST be able to show that the member in question had been assigned tasks that they failed to complete and that the team had afforded them an opportunity to make up for past mistakes. 

Signed by all team members below:

Commit message:

Get ready for next week
This commit marks the end of pre-project planning from my part.
This is more or less my layout for doing this project in an effective way.

Hopefully it works out. Fingers crossed.

docs/plan.md, after:

---
title: Autonomous Vehicle Challenge
subtitle: Project Plan
author: Team Name
date: 15 May 2019
---

# Members

## Contact information

### Raresh Nistor
* Phone: 022 052 4574
* Email: nistorrare@ecs.vuw.ac.nz

### Person 2
* Phone: XXX XXX XXXX
* Email: person2@ecs.vuw.ac.nz

### Person 3
* Phone: XXX XXX XXXX
* Email: person3@ecs.vuw.ac.nz

### Person 4
* Phone: XXX XXX XXXX
* Email: person4@ecs.vuw.ac.nz

Communications will be taking place on ECS GitLab and a Facebook Messenger group chat.

## Roles

#### Raresh
TBD

#### Person 2
TBD 

#### Person 3
TBD 

#### Person 4
TBD

# Project Plan

## Week 1

### Lab A -- 15 May

#### All
Complete, confirm and sign the AVC plan. And arrange meetings.

#### Raresh
Testing 

#### Person 2
Testing 

#### Person 3
Testing 

#### Person 4
Testing

### Lab B

#### Raresh
Testing 

#### Person 2
Testing 

#### Person 3
Testing 

#### Person 4
Testing
---
Project plan must be submitted by 17 May.

## Week 2

### Lab A -- 22 May

#### Raresh
Testing 

#### Person 2
Testing 

#### Person 3
Testing 

#### Person 4
Testing

### Lab B

#### Raresh
Testing 

#### Person 2
Testing 

#### Person 3
Testing 

#### Person 4
Testing

## Week 3

### Lab A -- 29 May

#### Raresh
Testing 

#### Person 2
Testing 

#### Person 3
Testing 

#### Person 4
Testing

### Lab B

Finalise project, gettings ready for marking the week after.

#### All
Sign off the project. Making sure everything on everyone's end is completed.

#### Raresh
Testing 

#### Person 2
Testing 

#### Person 3
Testing 

#### Person 4
Testing

# Team Agreement

By signing below, all team members are acknowledging that they have read and committed to their part in the AVC. They acknowledge that they will attempt to complete the tasks agreed on by the group each week and document this on the team github account. They acknowledge that failure to meet these goals can result in the team recommending any member receives a lesser grade for their AVC report.

In the event that a team member is unable to complete their task due to circumstances beyond their control (i.e. sickness, bereavement etc) that they will inform the team at the earliest possible time. Finally, the team acknowledges that a member going a week without contact with other team members (except when discussed with the team in advance) will constitute the member in question being considered *absent without leave*. In this instance the team agrees to inform the ENGR101 course co-ordinator immediately. The penalty this for this can range from a reduction in the final grade to immediate failure of the AVC (and thus the ENGR101 course). Should the team unanimously agree that a member (or members) have failed to contribute to the AVC sufficiently for other reasons, on the day of robot testing the team will be given the opportunity to anonymously vote for a team member to receive 0% for the robot part of the AVC. Should the team choose this option they MUST be able to show that the member in question had been assigned tasks that they failed to complete and that the team had afforded them an opportunity to make up for past mistakes. 

Signed by all team members below:
